Exercise 47: 

Make a complex calculator that can store symbols in the symbol table from the
previous exercise.

We are trying exactly this, but it is a very complicated exercise with a lot
of moving parts, and the connection to the previous one's actual exercise
scope is tentative. We have a working calculator that can parse entire lines
of logic, but have a few issues:

Properly storing ident tokens, we see this in the fact that an expr() cannot
return an ident for us and as such show() does not treat variables as idents,
but as chars. We *do* store and show their values correctly though.

Using assigned variables in calculations like x - 4. In this case we simply
output the (stored) value of x. We understand that the form of evaluate() 
should account for accepting an expression, and then, if an equals sign is 
found, use assign(lhs, evaluate()) to then set whatever comes out of the next
part to the lhs. This however requires proper disctinction and recognision of
IDENT tokens after being returned by the previous expr(), which we are not 
able to do yet. Thus for now this simple but incorrect form is left.
Commented out code remains to be worked on inside the evaluate() function.

Both of these issues stem from the way variables are handled, and the way we
run things inside evaluate and the fact we do not have a properly implemented
assign() function yet, along with the way we parse rvalue() to only hand back
a Value object. This either has to happen further down the line (during
calculations), or the IDENT tag is being lost somewhere along the way.

We can do pretty much any and all calculations now, including parenthesized
expressions, but we are not yet properly using the symbol table as it should
be. When a symbol is used as the first factor in a calculation, the
calculation will be successful *if* it is prefixed with a +, otherwise it will
fail to parse properly.
